This story takes place in a small town in the south east of Valeria called Sumsit Valley and in this town our mc Thaddeus Mahi was born. He was a very talented boy who since birth has a lot of natural talent and was loved by the people of his famiily and his community. Life was good for Mahi until the year he entered highschool, his natural talent began to fade off but Mahi being a prodogy did not allow that to dictate his life so he decided to work hard and learn his skills by himself with hard work and talent and again it started looking good for Mahi and it seemed like everything was going back to normal and his life would be peacefull again

But what if the skills I worked hard to attain also fails wondered Mahi, so he looked at his phone hoping to doomscroll to keep his mind away from all his problems. But there was a random app on his phone and he did not remember installing anything. So out of curiosity he decided to open the app it was a app named Kuro AI with a logo of a dark background and a white apple in the middle. The app opened to a tutorial and a huge caption above saying "The cure to all your problems". So Mahi intrigued decided to use the app to find out how it knew him and how it could help him. And he finished the tutorial and learnted that the app was a ai so powerful that it could complete any tasks he could do. So now everything was alright......

But not all good things last like a apple away from its tree wll begin to rot. He completed tasks and his relationships were healthier than ever but one day, his mom needed help so he decided to use the app but he realised that the app was gone and that he could not say no to his mom and consequently failed and with that for the first time in his life someone was disappointed. After that he struggled completing tasks and realised that his skill was never going to fade but his over reliance on the ai killed his ability to do anything 

Mahi now broken and depressed suffered hard and tried his hardest to complete quests and for a while things went back to normal, until one day he looked at the tv and saw that a person had killed himself due to an unknown app named Kuro AI, which no one knew and it was one of 15 reported cases of murder or suicide linked to the unknown app. Mahi now perplexed at this news takes on the decision to try find this mysterious ai company and take it down before anymore people die or end up like him. But where will he begin to search